# Automate-Your-Emails

This is a project i've done in order to help people that struggle with repetitive tasks in companies, such as e-mailing reports every day.

The intent of this project is show you a way where you can automatically send your reports without making efforts, basically. All you have to do is just add the updated Excel file you need to report onto the same folder as the code.

This code works better if automated with Cloud services or a simple Task Scheduler, where you can put the code file to run automatically in a certain time of the day (usually the time when you should normally send your report).

The example that i'm using to show goes from February 2023, i've used ChatGPT to randomly create names, dates, and possible reasons for a worker to not go to labor on a weekday. The code bot is actually automated and scheduled in my computer to run every day even if my machine is logged off (this is the real purpose of the code).

OBS: THE NAMES AND E-MAILS USED ON THIS PROJECT ARE COMPLETELY RANDOM AND USED ONLY FOR TEACHING PURPOSE, I DO NOT KNOW ANYONE WHO HAS BEEN PUT INTO THE "Absenteism Report.xlsx" FILE. EVERY DATA USED WAS GENERATED BY CHATGPT.

OBS2: This project is done on GMAIL, i actually believe it works for another platforms of e-mail which can give you permission to work externally.

Feel free to message me if you have any doubts, questions, or suggestions on how can I improve my code!

You can reach me by: https://www.linkedin.com/in/renancutrimeng/

UNDERSTANDING FILES:

requirements.txt --> All the external libraries used in this project, you should install them in order to work

Absenteism Report.xlsx --> Excel Spreadsheet randomly created with ChatGPT for educational purposes.

Send_email.py --> The actual code which automates the report being sent by e-mail.

tests.py --> It's an file i will implement later to work on automated tests to see how each function created is working.
